Improve docs and add more information related with blocks (#7865)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-instructions.md

| `name` | Name that can be used to address the block to which this attribute is assigned. The name must be unique per generated page. If not specified, an automatic name will be assigned in the format <code>ANONYMOUS_<em>n</em></code> | 0-9, A-Z, a-z, underscore (_), period (.), dash (-). Should start with a letter. Case-sensitive. | no |
| `before` | Used to position the block before an element under the same parent. The element name or alias name is specified in the value. Use dash (-) to position the block before all other elements of its level of nesting. See [before and after attributes](#fedg_xml-instrux_before-after) for details. | Element name or dash (-) | no |
| `after` | Used to position the block after an element under the same parent. The element name or alias name is specified in the value. Use dash (-) to position the block after all other elements of its level of nesting. See [before and after attributes](#fedg_xml-instrux_before-after) for details. | Element name or dash (-) | no |

> | `template` | A template that represents the functionality of the block to which this attribute is assigned. If the attribute is omitted, the block will not rendering any output. | `Vendor_Module::path/to/template.phtml` (Scope is already in the `templates` directory of the module) | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `template` | A template that represents the functionality of the block to which this attribute is assigned. If the attribute is omitted, the block will not render any output. | `Vendor_Module::path/to/template.phtml` (Scope is already in the `templates` directory of the module) | no |
```

<block class="Magento\Catalog\Block\Product\ListProduct" name="category.products.list" as="product_list" template="Magento_Catalog::product/list.phtml"/>
```

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> When define block if `template` attribute not available in layout, so that block will not render by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When define block if `template` attribute not available in layout (or via `setTemplate()` method in the block class), that block will not render by default
```

Reviewer: This sentence does not scan well in English and is confusing, can you rephrase to make it clearer what it is trying to explain?

Author: In this scope of layout IMO we should not need mention with php way approach ?

> In layout xml when define new block or re-used exists block with `<block></block>` if `template` attribute not available, so that block will not render by default.

Reviewer: Sorry but the English syntax in this sentence is very jumbled. I've read it several times and I'm not sure what it is trying to say. If you could explain it more fully I can then probably help fix the sentence (eg in English you would never follow the word 'when' with a present tense verb and there are no instances of the word 'the' in this sentence and I think there should be at least 4)

Sorry to be strict but documentation needs to be clear and unambiguous.
